Hello, hey Joel here.
How's it going?
I am by myself right now.
Just a heads up.
This will not be a man hug episode and I apologize.
We could not get together this week because my brother had family visiting from out of town and we just could not make it happen.
So I'm sorry, but I just wanted to at least drop you this line and say hi and let you know kind of a little bit about what's going on.
I've been
more busy lately with some Babylon beef stuff.
And my brothers and I are working on some more robust response to all of this critical race theory, woke church stuff.
Some of you may have seen that Paul David Tripp, who I've always really loved and respected and appreciated had a profound effect on me, released a video
where he kind of came out as a believer in this woke ideology and recommended some resources and some books.
It's not something that I ever foresaw talking about for this long back when I published my first episode about this subject.
But here we are.
This issue is not going away, it seems.
So me and my brothers are doing some preparation.
We want to really respond to some of these videos and really give it a robust response and a thorough response that it deserves.
So please bear with us.
Sorry, I couldn't get a full episode ready for you today.
But know that I love you.
I appreciate you as listeners.
If you haven't caught up on all the old episodes, go back and catch up on some of those.
If you haven't listened to our episode on Woke Church yet, definitely go back and do that.
And I guess I'll leave you with this.
Just a little recommendation for you.
If you have not seen Hamilton, it is currently streaming on Disney+.
It's not something that I wanted to see or wanted to like because everyone likes it.
And whenever an entire culture gets on a bandwagon for something like this, it just makes me automatically want to hate it.
I just don't.
I'm like, I just, I'm just a contrarian like that.
So I don't like it or I don't want to like it.
And so I finally kind of begrudgingly watched it a few days ago based on the recommendations of a few friends and I loved it.
It is a work of art, an incredible story, well told, creatively told.
And in a future episode of The Manhug, I will actually break down, we'll have some discussions about Hamilton and what makes it so great.
So stay tuned for that.
But if you haven't seen Hamilton yet, definitely go check it out.
It's a great story about our founding, great portrayals of the founding fathers and just the
the twisted, complicated difficulty of starting a new nation, what that is like.
I thought it was great.
So check out Hamilton, if you haven't, have a great weekend.
And I will see you back here next Tuesday.
I will have a solo episode for you next Tuesday.
And we will be back next week as well with a man hug talking about Paul David trip and some of the other woke evangelicals.
So thank you.
Love you.
See you next week.